Aksel v7 (#3139)
navikt/Designsystemet: .changeset/little-files-cough.md

---
"@navikt/ds-react": major
---

> Tooltip: :boom: Updated labeling of items inside Tooltip. See migrations for how to update. TODO: Insert link here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tooltip: :boom: Updated labeling of items inside Tooltip. [See migrations for how to update](https://aksel.nav.no/grunnleggende/kode/migrering#3b5cf05fd100). 
```

> Tooltip: :boom: Updated labeling of items inside Tooltip. [See migrations for how to update](https://aksel.nav.no/grunnleggende/kode/migrering#3b5cf05fd100). 

Author: Should we say "migration **guide**"?
```suggestion
Tooltip: :boom: Updated labeling of items inside Tooltip. [See migration guide for how to update](https://aksel.nav.no/grunnleggende/kode/migrering#3b5cf05fd100).
```
Or maybe just:
```suggestion
Tooltip: :boom: Updated labeling of items inside Tooltip. [How to update](https://aksel.nav.no/grunnleggende/kode/migrering#3b5cf05fd100). 
```
